About BSbox-tools: Software for representation, defining and computing the most important cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean functions (S-boxes)

Current release: v0.3 (alpha)

What is BSbox-tools?

BSbox-tools is developed software for representation, defining and computing the most important cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean functions (S-boxes). 
For development of this software is use our CUDA oriented library BoolSPLG (Boolean S-box Properties Library for GPUs), a library with parallel algorithms for Boolean functions and S-boxes for GPU. 
To use this software there is no need knowledge of a programming language. BoolSPL (Boolean S-box parallel library for GPU) provides, reusable software components for every layer of the CUDA programming model. 
BoolSPLG is a library consisting procedures for analysis and compute cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean function (S-box). 
Our procedures have function for auto grid conﬁguration. Most of the functions are designed to compute the data in registers because they oﬀer the highest bandwidth.

How do I get started using BSbox-tools? 

For the windows user there need to be have install Visual C++ Redistributable Packages for Visual Studio 2019 to be able to run and use the BSbox-tools.

 Help information's for BSbox-tools

Console interface program that can run on CPU and Nvidia GPU.

Full CPU-GPU functionality run only on Nvidia GPU with compute capability 3.0 or later.

 Compute cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean function (S-box).

 Input file 'infile_exampl' (for Boolean and S-box funtion).
 Input size for Boolean funtion 2^5 to 2^20 (GPU).
 Input size for Boolean funtion no limitation depend from hardware (CPU).

 Input size for S-box 2^5 to 2^20 (GPU).
 Input size for S-box no limitation depend from hardware (CPU).

LICENSE

Copyright @2017-2023 Dusan and Iliya.  All rights reserved.

Please refer to the NVIDIA end user license agreement(EULA) for GPU code.
Permission is hereby given for use for educational purpose and scientific research.
If you want to use for any other purpose, contact as.
Absolutely no guarantees or warranties are made concerning the suitability, correctness,
or any other aspect of this program.
Any use is at your own risk.